session4 (#11)
TiaMcDowell/TombOfAnnihilationNotes: docs/Session Notes/Session 04.md

# Session 04
- Party starts at level 3
- [[Brysh]] gives [[Xandala Cimber]] a loan of 11sp for adventure gear
- ran into 
- Met a young stegosaurus and cotton talked to him and got him to leave and not tell his mom where we are

> - [[Aarakocra]], flaming fist clear-cutting, they believe that [[The Flaming Fist]] deserve they deserve it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [[Aarakocra]] hate clear cutting and the general colonialist nature of the [[The Flaming Fist]], so they deserved to have their camp destroyed.
```
